feat(extension): Block on missing required config (#2187)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/reference/extensions/django-framework-extension.rst

URL or the Kubernetes service URL if there is no ingress integration,
will be set automatically.

In addition to this, you can set the configuration options to be

> ``non-optional`` by setting the ``optional`` key to ``False``. This will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mandatory by setting the ``optional`` key to ``false``. This will
```

> block the charm and stop services until the config is supplied. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
block the charm and stop services until the configuration is supplied. For example,
```

if your application needs an ``api-token`` to function correctly you can set

> it ``non-optional``, as below. This will block the charm and stop the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``optional`` to ``false``, as shown below. This will block the charm and stop the
```

> services until the ``api-token`` is supplied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
services until the ``api-token`` configuration is supplied.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    config:
      options:
        api-token:
          description: The token necessary for the service to run.
          type: string
          optional: false

.. note::

>     The ``non-optional`` options can not have ``default`` values. If you
>     set a ``default`` value to a ``non-optional`` configuration option
>     ``charmcraft`` will fail when packing the charm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A configuration with the ``optional: false`` option cannot have a ``default`` value. If you
    set a ``default`` value to a configuration with ``optional: false``
    ``charmcraft`` will fail when packing the charm.
```
Probably the first line length is too long -- sorry about that
